# Multiple-Disease

Many of the existing machine learning models for health care analysis are concentrating on one disease per analysis. Like one analysis if for diabetes analysis, one for cancer analysis, one for skin diseases like that. There is no common system where one analysis can perform more than one disease prediction. In this article proposing a system which used to predict multiple diseases by using Flask API. In this article used to analyse Diabetes analysis, Diabetes Retinopathy analysis, Heart disease and breast cancer analysis. Later other diseases like skin diseases, fever analysis and many more diseases can be included. To implement multiple disease analysis used machine learning algorithms, tensorflow and Flask API. Python pickling is used to save the model behaviour and python unpickling is used to load the pickle file whenever required. The importance of this article analysis in while analysing the diseases all the parameters which causes the disease is included so it possible to detect the maximum effects which the disease will cause. For example for diabetes analysis in many existing systems considered few parameters like age, sex, bmi, insulin, glucose, blood pressure, diabetes pedigree function, pregnancies, considered in addition to age, sex, bmi, insulin, glucose, blood pressure, diabetes pedigree function, pregnancies included serum creatinine, potassium, GlasgowComaScale, heart rate/pulse Rate, respiration rate, body temperature, low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL), TG (Triglycerides). Final models behaviour will be saved as python pickle file. Flask API is designed. When user accessing this API, the user has to send the parameters of the disease along with disease name. Flask API will invoke the corresponding model and returns the status of the patient. The importance of this analysis to analyse the maximum diseases, so that to monitor the patient's condition and warn the patients in advance to decrease mortality ratio.
